chore: Updated client name and a few minor things (#21)
momentohq/momento-node-redis-client: README.md

[![project stability](https://momentohq.github.io/standards-and-practices/badges/project-stability-alpha.svg)](https://github.com/momentohq/standards-and-practices/blob/main/docs/momento-on-github.md) 

# Momento Node.js Redis compatiblity client

## What and why?

This project provides a Momento-backed implementation of [@redis/client](https://github.com/redis/node-redis)
The goal is to provide a drop-in replacement for [@redis/client](https://github.com/redis/node-redis) so that you can

> use the same code with either a Redis server or with Momento Cache and Momento Topics services!

Reviewer: we probably won't support topics for this
```suggestion
use the same code with either a Redis server or with the Momento Cache service!
```
